our ceo's decision to have music playing
when you open our website and make the
logo 10 times bigger such a good idea
damn i wish sales would stop closing
these leads so fast i just love
sales nah that's too easy
set the kpi higher
charles these webinars are just too high
quality we need more
maybe we should actually talk to our
customers before sending out the next
email sequence
yeah okay that's great
listening to customer calls is really
helping improve our product
hey charles instead of supplying sales
with 50 page old pdfs for product info
maybe we should just add the resources
to our website
great job sales team
it's time to stop posting the company
blog on linkedin and only ever getting
one or two likes maybe we should
actually create content that helps
educate or entertains our ideal
customers
i wish sales could burn through these
leads faster
hmm
maybe we should stop getting every piece
of content ever on our website
our pr agency has done such a great job
in building our brand damn that press
release was spicy
these facebook leads are just too cheap
and really high quality
maybe we should invest in building our
brand through our team's personal
profiles on linkedin
starting a podcast
and even seo
sales just work so much harder than us
they really deserve a pay rise
please ignore our time ignore our
experience just pay us on performance
so we've got huge plans for quarter one
next year we're gonna really improve our
pipeline we're gonna significantly drive
revenue we're gonna go all in on all
forms of digital marketing things are
gonna be talking and get some sales
leads